CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? Python Reorganizer(pythonreorganizer.py)

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
I’ll be working on a program that accesses a .csv file full of data from a company, organizes the data, and prints its data for proper analysis according to the user's will.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I hope I'll learn how to print the data according to the needs of a company. I've worked previously in similar programs, but I never learned how to print the data with a 'good looking appearance', making it easier to analyze the data.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

I’ll use csv files, Pandas library and matplotlib.  

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

Sure, I’ll do it! My plan is to separate the code in ‘main’, ‘float_edit’ and ‘execute’.


6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

I will write at least two functions for the first part of the code, but I’ll try to test the planed three functions of the code.
